you
this is for my family and friends I'm
sorry I couldn't tell you this in person
but I'm afraid some of you would try to
stop what's going to happen what has
happened by the time you get this out of
good intentions but I couldn't allow
that so here's what's happening
the doctor told me today I have terminal
cancer
I wanted me to do some chemotherapy but
I don't want that I have had fabulous
life the best one could ask for if it's
over then I want it to be over I don't
want to live years of pain and have that
be my ending so since I live in America
which does not allow old people the
freedom and the right to choose how they
die I am choosing on my own I am I've
decided to end my life I'm sorry I
couldn't say goodbye to each of you but
that just wasn't possible so let me talk
to you here and now
you
my best advice is to live each day of
your life to the fullest to live your
life to enjoy your life to do what you
want not what you think
will make you the most money or make you
famous or anything else do what you want
what you have in your soul to do and
then when you reach the end you won't be
afraid to take that next step and I do
believe there is a next step and I'm
ready to take it and I no fear of that